worlds Body and Soul what pattern do you
have of Cups and Wands somebody share
with me
some cup cup W is that
it when like for the first line what do
you what do you have what pattern
now if you put a cup over the and the
the and then you have a wand over
up then you have a cup over and and
yes two cups in a wand okay over and
over right okay so this is the third
step of
scansion the third step is
to put in these lines called edges
straight up and down line if you look at
the bottom of your definition sheet
you'll see the scansion tool called an
edge that's step three of ition is when
you look you look for a regular pattern
in this case it's going to be two cups
and a wand as she said two cups and a
wand two cups and a wand two cups and a
wand so you look for something that
repeats and when you see the repeating
you just put that line in and you put it
straight down through the word so it
would look like this
like
um through the upper and lower worlds
so the first step is you put the wand in
Second Step you put in okay lower
worlds Body and Soul let's
see like that
right so through the upper and lower
world's Body and Soul then we put in the
cups
and the last step is the third step you
put in
edges which are the markers between what
we call feet so every time you see a
regular pattern repeating so we have two
cups in a wand where's the next one
going to go the